multi_image_archive: add option for `podman save` (#209)
containers/common: docs/containers.conf.5.md

faster "shm" lock type.  You may need to run "podman system renumber" after you
change the lock type.

**multi_image_archive**=false

> Allows for creating archives (e.g., tar balls) with one more than one image.  Some container engines, such as Podman, interpret additional arguments as tags for one image.  The default behavior can be altered with this option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows for creating archives (e.g., tarballs) with one more than one image.  Some container engines, such as Podman, interpret additional arguments as tags for one image.  The default behavior can be altered with this option.
```
